[dramatic music plays]
[intriguing suspenseful music plays]
[intriguing music continues]
[Silver] Sensei Kim Da-Eun.
Welcome to the Valley.
How was your flight?
Last minute.
Is Sensei Kreese not with you?
I'm afraid John Kreese
is no longer with Cobra Kai.
He had some legal troubles.
That is disappointing to hear.
You asked me to bring
the best senseis my dojang had to offer.
I have done so.
You must be exhausted from your trip.
There are refreshments in the limo.
[intriguing music continues]
Limousines and private planes.
This sort of extravagance
might impress your former shareholders,
but it does not hold sway for me.
[intriguing music continues]
That attitude
is exactly why I wanted you
to teach at my dojos.
I need you to see which of my students
are ready to take the next step.
I'm offering you full autonomy
to test my students your way.
Just one of the many perks you'll have
as my business partner in Cobra Kai.
Your offer is very tempting,
but I did not get on the plane for money.
50% is just a number.
What I'm offering you
is legacy.
Your grandfather didn't teach
American soldiers the Way of the Fist
just to use on the battlefield.
We have to share his style with the world.
And you think your American students
are up to the task?
I do.
We shall see.
[intriguing music swells]
[music fades]
-It's been a week. The longer we wait--
-We must let Daniel-san heal.
Chozen's right. I wanna do something too,
but we can't just go after Silver--
Dad.
Johnny? What are you doing here?
Figuring out how to make Silver pay
for what he did to you.
[Amanda] What's with the suit?
[sighs] I can't wear my pajamas
to LaRusso Auto, can I?
You're going into work?
[Chozen] We need to make plans--
Guys, I appreciate the sentiment. I do.
But I'm out of this thing with Silver.
If he wants the Valley, he can have it.
-I'm done with karate.
-What do you mean you're done with karate?
Must not give up.
I am giving up.
Trying to go toe-to-toe with Silver
was a mistake.
It almost cost me my family.
I'm not making that mistake again.
Daniel, we're with you.
You don't have to stop fighting.
Yes. I do.
I became a sensei to help kids.
Instead, I'm making everyone's life worse.
What are you talking about?
You did help kids.
Want me to make list of how many ways
they're hurting because of this,
including my daughter?
Ask Robby how much I've helped him.
[Johnny sighs]
You know, growing up, I never understood
why Mr. Miyagi walked away from a fight.
But I understand now.
It's not our job
to fight the monsters of the world.
Not anymore.
[melancholy music plays]
[door buzzes]
Kreese, your granddaughter's here.
Hi, Grandpa.
Hi, granddaughter.
How'd our little sting pan out?
Not the way we hoped.
Sensei Silver didn't even bat an eye.
He's just been focused
on expanding the dojos.
[Kreese] That's unfortunate.
Is there something else?
Yeah.
Mr. LaRusso got really hurt.
Because of us.
Well, that's one enemy gone.
[chuckles] When I get out of here,
I'll take care of the other.
You don't care about what happened?
-He was a means to an end.
-Is that what I am?
Of course not. You and I are the only ones
who can trust each other.
How much longer
do I have to stay at the dojo?
I know how difficult it is
to be behind enemy lines.
But I need you there for a little longer.
[door buzzes]
I got a plan to get out of this place.
-You do?
-[Kreese] Yeah.
I'm gonna play the good soldier,
which is what I need you to do.
So do whatever Silver says,
but keep your eyes and your ears open.
[tense music plays]
Now he's smart,
but he'll slip.
And that'll be the opening that we need.
Can you handle that?
[tense music continues]
Yes, Sensei.
Good.
[boy groans]
Please, I didn't hit you that hard.
That was a fabulous kick, Devon.
But remember, we're all friends here.
-So watch that aggression. Okay?
-[Silver] I thought she fought perfectly.
Terry, so good to see you.
Class, gather round, please.
[grunting]
[referee] Point! Winner!
[dramatic music crescendos]
I have a bittersweet announcement to make.
Sensei Terry Silver has made me
a very generous offer,
and I'm proud to say
Topanga Karate is now
under new management.
We're thrilled
to be part of the Cobra Kai family.
Thank you, Sensei Rosenthal.
[tense music plays]
I'm sure you're wondering what this means
for the future of your dojo.
Yes, there will be some changes.
All for the better.
I hope you don't mind
your dues getting cheaper.
You'll be given a new sensei.
For today,
Sensei Kim and Sensei Hyan-woo.
You're replacing me, Terry?
This wasn't the deal
we made at Shabbat services.
[tense music continues]
Topanga Karate
has spent the last few years
taking losses left and right.
That ends today.
My new senseis
will be molding you all into winners,
just like our own All Valley
Tournament Champion, Tory Nichols.
If you wanna be taught
by the best of the best,
step up and take a gi from Sensei Odell.
If you wanna quit,
then at least take a complimentary thermos
from Sensei Bacaria,
as my gift to you.
[tense music speeds up]
Well, looks like
your students made their decision.
Shalom, Sensei.
-Class is yours. Nichols, you're with me.
-[Kim] No.
Your champion stays here.
What for?
I need to see
who the best fighters are in this dojo.
You will help me test them.
[tense music plays]
Yes, Sensei.
-[tense music fades]
-I don't get it.
"No be there" is one thing,
but LaRusso letting Silver win?
That walking oil spill
got into Daniel's head
in a way I didn't think was possible.
He'll come around. He just needs time.
Do not have much time.
Silver's empire growing every day.
Sure, but, I mean,
the Valley only has so many kids.
How many new dojos can he open?
He's not just opening new ones.
He's taking over other dojos now too.
I'm here at Topanga Karate,
welcoming them into our Cobra Kai family.
-When did this happen?
-It's live. It's happening now.
Perfect. I'm gonna go down there
and beat his ponytail ass.
You can't march there like a one-man army.
The hell I can't. Guy's whole MO
is hiding in the dark,
waiting for us to fall into his traps.
Right now, we know where he is.
He's not on his home turf.
-Chozen, please say something to him.
-Amanda-san is right.
-One-man army not good.
-Thank you.
-I come with you.
-That's not what I meant.
You know this isn't some kata competition?
Hai.
Is that a yes?
[Chozen sighs]
I don't understand
how this is gonna help Dad.
I don't know, Sam.
At this point, I'm not sure what will.
[suspenseful music plays]
[wolf whistle]
Hey, Sensei.
Oh, wow. Look at you feeding yourself.
I guess the nurse that changes your diaper
has the day off.
[laughter]
-Yeah.
-I love the red ones. Mmm.
You know what?
From here on out, these are my Jell-Os.
What do you think about that, old man?
[tense music plays]
I think that's a fine idea.
[laughter]
[man] Thought so.
See you around, Sensei.
[laughter]
[Kreese] One thing
that really surprised me
was how easy it was
to get along with all the other men.
Is that so? I didn't realize
you were making friends in here.
Yeah, well, I make friends pretty easily.
I find that a little kindness
goes a long way.
Mmm. I'm happy to hear
that you're doing well with the others.
Not all prisoners your age
have the same experience.
They're usually easy targets.
Well, I'm made of stronger stuff.
You could throw me right through a window
and I wouldn't even get a scratch.
[chuckles]
Emotionally speaking, of course.
Of course.
Oh.
Looks like our time is up.
-Oh, we were just getting into a groove.
-[chuckles]
Well…
Thanks, Doc.
I really enjoy our time together.
Me too.
You're not just sweet-talking me
to get a good recommendation, are you?
Oh, of course not.
I just find these sessions
so very helpful.
Pair up.
Show me knife strike,
palm strike, back fist.
Five up, five down.
[in Korean] Begin.
[dramatic drumbeat]
[Devon grunts]
[in English] Keep walking. [grunts]
Fine. But you'll break your hand
if you hit someone like that.
I know what I'm doing.
[grunts]
Then hit me.
Wrong.
[dramatic drumbeat]
Keep the side of your hand sharp,
like a knife.
Better. Not by much.
Why are you in that gi? Don't think
you have what it takes to join Cobra Kai?
I'm still deciding whether your dojo
has what it takes to earn me.
Guess you forgot
who kicked your ass at the tournament.
Please. That ref was blind.
He gave you a point
when I was out of bounds.
-Why are you here?
-My mom always said…
"The only way you really lose
is by giving up."
Sounds smart.
She was.
I'm sorry.
For what? You didn't do anything.
I'd love to kick cancer's ass though.
Yeah.
I know how you feel.
[tense music plays]
But you have to take all that anger
and put it into your fist.
[yells]
[Kim in Korean] Stop!
[in English] I have seen enough.
You have used your strength
to train each other.
Now you will use your strength
against each other.
Nichols, get them ready.
You didn't have to come.
I can handle this.
Not likely. Silver very dangerous.
Yeah, I know.
I'm ready for him. I can be dangerous too.
[chuckles] Daniel-san told me
how dangerous you can be.
Did he mention
how I kicked his ass back in high school?
-I robbed him while he was on date.
-Oh yeah? I pushed him down a cliff.
-I fight him to death.
-Oh yeah? What, are you a ghost?
No, Daniel-san showed me mercy.
Yeah, sounds like LaRusso.
-Man, he was such a twerp back then.
-Real pain in ass.
But he always fight for what he believe.
He never backed down from a fight,
even when he should have.
A few months ago,
I saw him take on an entire hockey team.
Five on one. He beat 'em all.
I saw him save young girl from typhoon.
[Johnny sighs]
He took a man down with a single strike
to his pressure point.
Who do you think teach him that?
We're here.
[tense music plays]
Devon? What the hell?
-What are you doing?
-One of my students is in there.
Not here for student. Here for Silver.
Must wait for right time.
Run into den of lions, you will get eaten.
Fine, we'll wait.
[tense music continues]
[inmate] Kreese.
Got a letter for you.
Oh. Thanks.
[quiet tense music plays]
[melancholy music plays]
Doc!
I… I just got a letter from the…
From the warden.
I think something went wrong
with your recommendation.
Really? It felt accurate to me.
Yeah, but you're recommending
against my petition for early release.
Why? [chuckles] I thought
we were making great strides.
John, cut the crap.
-Excuse me?
-You think this is my first day?
I know the difference
between a breakthrough
and saying what I wanna hear.
I had no other option.
The court assigned me some bullshit
attorney who was in over his head.
If you want to get out early,
you really need to think
about why you're here in the first place.
I'm free all tomorrow morning
if you'd like to chat.
That should be plenty of time
for us to dig deep.
[melancholy music continues]
[Kim] Back in Korea,
our students would climb Chiri-san,
the tallest mountain on the mainland,
with heavy packs
filled with nothing but water.
We would train at the peak
long after the sun has set
and the night's turned cold.
I would train among them,
wearing two heavy packs.
My students are determined.
I will see how determined you are.
You two, up.
[suspenseful music plays]
Pick this up.
Stop her.
Use any means necessary.
You have one minute.
[in Korean] Begin!
[grunting]
[in English] In your face.
[both breathe heavily]
[tense music plays]
The Way of the Fist means
you do not hold back. You do not go easy.
Or is this what it means in America
to be a champion?
Again!
[grunting]
-Harder.
-[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[Devon yells]
-I said harder!
-[Tory gasps]
[dramatic music continues]
We do not accept defeat.
We do not accept surrender.
Fight as if today is your last.
[grunting]
[Devon yells]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunts]
[Kim] Good.
Strength,
determination.
That is the Way of the Fist.
Nothing less.
Remember that.
Class dismissed.
[man speaks Korean]
[somber music plays]
All right. Enough of this.
You're sitting here sulking
like a kid who got in trouble in class.
What do you want me to do?
Cry into a tissue?
-I thought you were a sensei.
-[Kreese] I am a sensei.
Then act like one.
Look, I'm not here to scold you.
I'm here to help.
I believe that deep down
you're a good man.
I don't believe that you were always
this violent a person.
I think something happened in your past.
[soft music plays]
I did lose someone.
Years ago.
Who was she?
The love of my life.
[woman] I'm sorry to hear that, John.
Where were you when it happened?
Overseas.
[soft music continues]
Her death…
allowed me to do what I had to do.
Whatever it took to save yourself.
Don't judge me
like those long-haired hippies.
It was war.
Oh, but that violence followed you home.
I read your file.
After Vietnam, you became a sensei,
opened a dojo, taught kids how to fight.
I taught them to be strong.
To take the anger they feel
and turn it into power.
[laughs]
I've had enough of this.
[man's laughter continues]
[Silver] What an interesting
choice of words.
"Take the anger they feel."
Do you feel angry, John? At who?
The people that put me in this cage.
-But you did this to yourself.
-Don't be ridiculous.
None of it is my fault.
I did nothing wrong.
So you don't feel any regret?
[gentle music plays]
Regret?
Tell me. What exactly
am I supposed to feel regret for?
The people you've hurt.
I wasn't trying to hurt anyone.
I was trying to make my students tough.
You wanted them all to be like you.
No.
I wanted them all to be better than me.
[gentle music continues]
I know you can be better
than the person you've become.
He's locked inside you.
Somewhere deep.
You just have to find him.
[gentle music fades]
[bells jingle]
[Hyan-woo] Adult classes are on Wednesday.
We're not here to take a lesson.
We're here to teach you one.
-[Chozen] Where is Terry Silver?
-What do you want with Sensei Silver?
-[Chozen] We have message.
-We're gonna beat his ass.
-[scoffs] Not possible.
-You don't think I could beat him?
-I don't think you can beat me.
-[Johnny] Oh yeah?
-[grunting]
-[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[Hyan-woo yells]
-[Hyan-woo groans]
-[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
How long you train at Kim Sun-Yung dojo?
My whole life.
[grunting]
[yells]
[dramatic music swells]
[grunting]
[Hyan-woo groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[Kim] Enough!
[dramatic music fades]
You must be Chozen Toguchi.
Far from your pathetic little island,
aren't you?
And I'm surprised to see Daniel LaRusso
has healed from his injuries so quickly.
What? I'm not Daniel LaRusso.
I look nothing like him.
Silver must answer for what he has done.
You bark like your blond dog.
I do more than bark, trust me.
You wish to fight?
Joon-bee.
[ominous music plays]
[in English] Too much advantage.
Their dojo.
We fight when time is right.
We're not gonna let you take the Valley.
[ominous music continues]
We already did.
-Oi.
-[Johnny] You think you did.
[ominous music continues]
[ominous music crescendos]
Yeah, thanks, Riley.
Hey, these snake bites are fire!
Can't stop eating 'em. It's like crack.
They're pure protein.
You're only supposed to eat one or two.
-[Kyler] For real?
-[Kenny] Come on.
[Kyler] Damn. Yo, look who is here.
[serious music plays]
What are you doing here?
I thought you quit.
[scoffs]
You beat me on the mat, but
I only lose if I give up.
Miss Lee, why don't you go
check in with the receptionist.
She'll set you up with a pass
in case you want to train after hours.
Oh. I definitely will.
[quiet ominous music plays]
I have to hand it to you. Miss Lee
reached out after class yesterday,
asked if she could join the flagship dojo.
Apparently, she wants
to learn more from you.
I'm very proud of you.
She failed the test. She ran away.
The test was not for her. It was for you.
I wanted to see
how much strength you had in your heart
to accomplish what you need to do.
And what's that?
Something greater
than you could ever imagine.
[ominous music continues]
[Chozen] It is obvious Silver has plan.
Now he's got these international ringers.
Son of a bitch refuses to fight fair.
All have trained
under Silver's master, Kim Sun-Yung.
I defeated six senseis
from Valley by myself.
It took two of us
to stand against just one.
Still think we could have taken 'em.
Give me nunchucks, and it's lights out.
Okay, let's just take a breath here
before we start entertaining
assault with deadly weapons.
Chozen, you're still new around here,
and no offense, Johnny,
but strategy isn't exactly your forte.
-You're more of a… blunt instrument.
-Thank you.
If we're gonna mount a resistance,
we're gonna need Daniel to lead it.
You heard him.
He doesn't wanna fight anymore.
I thought I was done fighting too.
But I was wrong.
I thought the same as Dad.
I felt like… karate just made
everything worse for everyone.
I've even got the scars to prove it.
But years from now,
if my scars have faded…
the lessons that I learned,
Mr. Miyagi's lessons,
they'll be more powerful
than the first time I put on a gi.
Dad was right. Mr. Miyagi
avoided a fight whenever possible.
But he also fought when he had to.
And if he were here right now,
I think he would tell Dad that
this is a fight we can't walk away from.
[hopeful music plays]
Well, Daniel may not have Mr. Miyagi
to rely on anymore,
but… he's got us.
[hopeful music continues]
[door buzzes]
[intercom] Cell Block C,
proceed to the commissary.
[man] Lunchtime, boys.
[wolf whistles]
Hey, Sensei!
I'm here for my Jell-O cup today.
[ominous music plays]
What's the matter?
Ears full of shit, old man?
Let me clean them out for ya.
[Kreese groans]
How is this bag of bones
in here for assault?
[laughs]
[ominous music intensifies]
You don't know me very well.
[dramatic music plays]
[prisoner groans]
[prisoner] Come on!
-[Kreese grunts]
-[dramatic music continues]
[yells]
[man] Sensei!
Keep going!
[crowd shouts]
[crowd] Sensei! Sensei! Sensei!
Sensei! Sensei!
Yeah!
[crowd] Sensei! Sensei!
Sensei! Sensei! Sensei!
From now on,
you're gonna give me your Jell-O.
-You got a problem with that?
-No. No.
No, what?
No, Sensei.
[tense music plays]
[man thuds on ground]
[tense music fades]
What are we doing here?
I thought we were heading home.
Uh, we just have to make a quick stop.
Come on.
[sighs]
[gentle music plays]
Amanda, I don't go in there.
Hey. It's okay.
You're hurting right now.
But I want you to heal.
And I'm right here.
[Daniel sighs]
[gentle music continues]
[Daniel exhales]
It's like a time capsule in here.
[gentle music continues]
The night before we got married,
I was so nervous.
I came here to see Mr. Miyagi.
He sat me down,
poured me a cup of tea… and some sake.
[chuckles]
And we talked about you.
He loved you so much, Daniel.
He said to me, "Amanda-san,
in life, always easier
to hide head in sand."
He told me you could be
a bit of a handful sometimes.
That you would always fight
for what you believed in.
And there was nothing you believed in
more than your family and friends.
[sighs]
[Amanda] And what I believe in now
is standing up to Terry Silver.
It's the right thing to do for you,
for me, for our family.
Sorry it took me so long to realize.
[gentle music continues]
That means the world to me, Amanda.
But what if standing up to Silver
just makes things worse again?
Every time I try
to fight for what's right,
somebody gets hurt.
I can't fail these kids again.
[Robby] You didn't fail me.
Sam and my dad told me what was going on.
You know, when you first met me,
I was a messed-up kid.
But you gave me a job.
And a home.
And a purpose.
You can't just give up.
[Daniel] Robby, the things I did,
juvie, I was…
-I was just trying to help you.
-No, I'm… I'm sorry.
I should've listened to you
about Cobra Kai.
But I didn't understand
until I started mentoring someone myself.
Now Silver's got a hold on this kid.
There's some others in there
I care about too, and, uh,
we need to stop Cobra Kai.
But we can't do it without you.
Sensei.
[chuckles]
Dad, not everyone has someone like you
to protect them and teach them.
It's time that all of us join this fight.
All of us?
[uplifting music plays]
[Sam] You're not alone anymore.
So what do you say, Dad?
Will you fight?
[uplifting music continues]
[uplifting music swells]
[uplifting music crescendos]
[theme music plays]